README.md, before:

# KRLW890's linkable programs

I'm just using this as a place where I can post programs and link them to wherever I might need them.  As such, this repository consists of several different, unrelated programs such as:

(Pokemon)<br>
A type combination calculator, capable of finding the weaknesses, resistances, and immunities of a Pokemon with any number of type combinations: <a href="https://krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/type_combos.html">krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/type_combos.html</a>

A very primitive Chance Calculator. Finds the chance of things happening after a certain number of attempts. While not strictly related to Pokemon, I included it here because Pokemon deals with a lot of that: <a href="https://krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/Chance-Calculator.html">krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/Chance-Calculator.html</a>
 
Finds the weaknesses of all possible triple-type combinations achievable via Forest's Curse and Trick-Or-Treat. Not too interesting, other than providing evidence for an answer on PKDB: <a href="https://krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/forests_curse_trick_treak_effectiveness.html">krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/forests_curse_trick_treak_effectiveness.html</a>

<br><br>
(Not Pokemon)<br>
A friendly game of chess. Nothing too impressive: <a href="https://krlw890.github.io/Chess/Chess.html">krlw890.github.io/Chess/Chess.html</a>

Uh, I guess I'll just sort of... uh... leave this... here: <a href="https://krlw890.github.io/nakkadile/play.html">krlw890.github.io/nakkadile/play.html</a>

Commit message:

added the source for a database answer

README.md, after:

# KRLW890's linkable programs

I'm just using this as a place where I can post programs and link them to wherever I might need them.  As such, this repository consists of several different, unrelated programs such as:

(Pokemon)<br>
A type combination calculator, capable of finding the weaknesses, resistances, and immunities of a Pokemon with any number of type combinations: <a href="https://krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/type_combos.html">krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/type_combos.html</a>

A very primitive Chance Calculator. Finds the chance of things happening after a certain number of attempts. While not strictly related to Pokemon, I included it here because Pokemon deals with a lot of that: <a href="https://krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/Chance-Calculator.html">krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/Chance-Calculator.html</a>
 
Finds the weaknesses of all possible triple-type combinations achievable via Forest's Curse and Trick-Or-Treat. Not too interesting, other than providing evidence for an answer on PKDB: <a href="https://krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/forests_curse_trick_treak_effectiveness.html">krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/forests_curse_trick_treak_effectiveness.html</a>

Finds all Pokemon with stats mirrored over Physical and Special stata, once again to find an answer for a database question: <a href="https://krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/pkmn-w-mirror-stats.html">https://krlw890.github.io/pkdb-answers/pkmn-w-mirror-stats.html</a>

<br><br>
(Not Pokemon)<br>
A friendly game of chess. Nothing too impressive: <a href="https://krlw890.github.io/Chess/Chess.html">krlw890.github.io/Chess/Chess.html</a>

Uh, I guess I'll just sort of... uh... leave this... here: <a href="https://krlw890.github.io/nakkadile/play.html">krlw890.github.io/nakkadile/play.html</a>
